Moving Forward

There is somethign special about motion. In many ways and circumstances humans have the need and desire for motion. More often than not however our movement is limited. Generally speaking movement is regarded  as a good thing and the limits of movement are seen as problems needed to be overcome. I personally want to overcome these barriers and aim to provide a description of my experience with these texts. 

If it wasnt already clear by now, what Im writing here are incoherent philosophical ramblings I likely wrote while very drunk. If you are not interested, I dont care; if you are I also do not care, because this mainly serves to structure my ideas and progressively work with my own philosophy. 

In the future I want to touch on different ideas regarding philosophy and especially the crossovers with technology, work, politics, maths, music, gaming and philosophers. One of the first abstracts will be "Moving Forward - On Writing", which will serve as a ruleset for me regarding how I note done these texts. 

To touch on a few questions, here is a sort of FAQ/Q&A:

Why is this titled moving forward?
Forwards movement is commonly seen as an ideal of my time and the current political system. I will later define it as an ideal applicable to all my texts with a good connotion. 

What qualification do I have to talk about this stuff?
I was born in 2003 in Germany, so I can talk about the world with a full 18 years of experience and all the white supremacy the other germans had. In short the only qualification I have is my inalienable freedom of speech, thought and infromation every being has. If you think you are more qualified than me, you can tell me (in this case you are likely as wqualified as I am and wrong) or I will find out in a discussion where you show more/better knowledge in a field than I do.

What do you want the reader to do?
I want you to think about these ideas for yourselve and if you find even the tiniest difference in ideas or conclusions reach out, discuss, spread, publish or do whatever else to make your thinking as useful as possible. I just whant you to think and these texts may serve as a helper.

